Allow passing FastAPI app options (#4282)
gradio-app/gradio: CHANGELOG.md

- Refactor web component `initial_height` attribute by [@whitphx](https://github.com/whitphx) in [PR 4223](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4223)
- Relocate `mount_css` fn to remove circular dependency [@whitphx](https://github.com/whitphx) in [PR 4222](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4222)
- Upgrade Black to 23.3 by [@akx](https://github.com/akx) in [PR 4259](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4259)

> - `start_server` and `App.create_app()` now accept an `app_kwargs` argument to allow customizing the FastAPI app, by [@akx](https://github.com/akx) in [PR 4282](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4282)

Reviewer: Highlight the user-facing changes here. I'd suggest
```suggestion
- `Interface.launch()` and `Blocks.launch()` now accept an `app_kwargs` argument to allow customizing the configuration of the underlying FastAPI app, by [@akx](https://github.com/akx) in [PR 4282](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4282)
```
